docs/question-type/matching.md, before:

# Matching (MAT)

!!! Note

    - Matching question answers order is **ALWAYS** randomized

## MAT with answer included

```
1.	Match the holidays below to their celebration date:
    a. New Year's Day = January 1st
    b. Victoria Day = On the Monday between the 18th and the 24th (inclusive)
    c. Remembrance Day = November 11th
    d. Boxing Day = December 26th
```

## MAT with general feedback

```
1.	Match the holidays below to their celebration date:
    @feedback: Only Victoria Day that doesn't fall on the same date of every year.

    a. New Year's Day = January 1st
    b. Victoria Day = On the Monday between the 18th and the 24th (inclusive)
    c. Remembrance Day = November 11th
    d. Boxing Day = December 26th
```


## MAT with answer key

```
1.	Match the holidays below to their celebration date:

...

Answers:
    1. New Year's Day = January 1st; Victoria Day = On the Monday between the 18th and the 24th (inclusive); Remembrance Day = November 11th; Boxing Day = December 26th
```

!!! Note

    - If you have more than one `=` inside the answer, you can either use `==` or enclosed the answer with backtick (`) on both side.

    ### Example with ==
    ```
    1.	Match the holidays below to their celebration date:
        a. New Year's Day == January 1st
        b. Victoria Day == On the Monday between the 18th and the 24th (inclusive)
        c. Remembrance Day == November 11th
        d. Boxing Day == December 26th
    ```

    ### Example with backtick (`) enclosure on BOTH side
    ```
    1.	Match the holidays below to their celebration date:
        a. `New Year's Day` = `January 1st`
        b. `Victoria Day` = `On the Monday between the 18th and the 24th (inclusive)`
        c. `Remembrance Day` = `November 11th`
        d. `Boxing Day` = `December 26th`
    ```

Commit message:

fix: add notes about specific question grading

docs/question-type/matching.md, after:

# Matching (MAT)

!!! Note

    - Matching question answers order is **ALWAYS** randomized
    - MAT grading type always set to "Correct answers" in qcon. You can change this manually once it's uploaded to Learning Hub.

## MAT with answer included

```
1.	Match the holidays below to their celebration date:
    a. New Year's Day = January 1st
    b. Victoria Day = On the Monday between the 18th and the 24th (inclusive)
    c. Remembrance Day = November 11th
    d. Boxing Day = December 26th
```

## MAT with general feedback

```
1.	Match the holidays below to their celebration date:
    @feedback: Only Victoria Day that doesn't fall on the same date of every year.

    a. New Year's Day = January 1st
    b. Victoria Day = On the Monday between the 18th and the 24th (inclusive)
    c. Remembrance Day = November 11th
    d. Boxing Day = December 26th
```


## MAT with answer key

```
1.	Match the holidays below to their celebration date:

...

Answers:
    1. New Year's Day = January 1st; Victoria Day = On the Monday between the 18th and the 24th (inclusive); Remembrance Day = November 11th; Boxing Day = December 26th
```

!!! Note

    - If you have more than one `=` inside the answer, you can either use `==` or enclosed the answer with backtick (`) on both side.

    ### Example with ==
    ```
    1.	Match the holidays below to their celebration date:
        a. New Year's Day == January 1st
        b. Victoria Day == On the Monday between the 18th and the 24th (inclusive)
        c. Remembrance Day == November 11th
        d. Boxing Day == December 26th
    ```

    ### Example with backtick (`) enclosure on BOTH side
    ```
    1.	Match the holidays below to their celebration date:
        a. `New Year's Day` = `January 1st`
        b. `Victoria Day` = `On the Monday between the 18th and the 24th (inclusive)`
        c. `Remembrance Day` = `November 11th`
        d. `Boxing Day` = `December 26th`
    ```
