docs/question-type/ordering.md, before:

# Ordering (ORD)

!!! Note

    - Please typed in the correct answer order as it would be used as the correct order. Randomizing the answer will happen automatically during the conversion. 

## ORD with answer included

```
1.	Order the following holidays on a chronological order:
    a. New Year's Day
    b. Good Friday
    c. Canada Day
    d. Labour Day
    e. Christmas Day
```

## ORD with general feedback

```
1.	Order the following holidays on a chronological order:
    @feedback: The order is New Year's Day, Good Friday, Canada Day, Labour Day, then Christmas Day.

    a. New Year's Day
    b. Good Friday
    c. Canada Day
    d. Labour Day
    e. Christmas Day
```


## ORD with answer key

!!! Note
    - Ordering with answer key uses semicolon (;) to separate the answers.
    - Ordering with answer key **MUST** include the `Type: ORD` like the example below, and **NOT** including the answer right after the question.
    - Do **NOT** end the answer with a dot (`.`) or it will be taken as a part of the answer

```
Type: ORD

1.	Order the following holidays on a chronological order:


...

Answers:
    1. New Year's Day; Good Friday; Canada Day; Labour Day; Christmas Day
```

Commit message:

fix: add notes about specific question grading

docs/question-type/ordering.md, after:

# Ordering (ORD)

!!! Note

    - Please typed in the correct answer order as it would be used as the correct order. Randomizing the answer will happen automatically during the conversion. 
    - ORD grading type always set to "Correct answers" in qcon. You can change this manually once it's uploaded to Learning Hub.

## ORD with answer included

```
1.	Order the following holidays on a chronological order:
    a. New Year's Day
    b. Good Friday
    c. Canada Day
    d. Labour Day
    e. Christmas Day
```

## ORD with general feedback

```
1.	Order the following holidays on a chronological order:
    @feedback: The order is New Year's Day, Good Friday, Canada Day, Labour Day, then Christmas Day.

    a. New Year's Day
    b. Good Friday
    c. Canada Day
    d. Labour Day
    e. Christmas Day
```


## ORD with answer key

!!! Note
    - Ordering with answer key uses semicolon (;) to separate the answers.
    - Ordering with answer key **MUST** include the `Type: ORD` like the example below, and **NOT** including the answer right after the question.
    - Do **NOT** end the answer with a dot (`.`) or it will be taken as a part of the answer

```
Type: ORD

1.	Order the following holidays on a chronological order:


...

Answers:
    1. New Year's Day; Good Friday; Canada Day; Labour Day; Christmas Day
```
