docs/detailed-question-types/fill-in-blanks.md, before:

# Fill-in-Blanks (FIB)

For each word(s) that will be blank, use square brackets and then include all acceptable forms of the answers inside. Spelling counts! Case does not.

!!! note

    - Use a comma (**,**) to separate correct answers.

## Basic example

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD046 -->
```text

1. Canadian [Thanksgiving, Thanksgiving day] falls on the second [Monday] in October.

```

## With general feedback

    1. Canadian [Thanksgiving, Thanksgiving day] falls on the second [Monday] in October.
        @feedback: Thanksgiving is a fall harvest celebration.

## With *answer key*

!!! note

    **Question Text**

    - Use an asterisk enclosed in square brackets (**[*]**) to indicate a blank.

    **Answer Key Text**

    - Use a semicolon (**;**) to separate blanks.
    - Do **NOT** end the answer with a period (**.**) or it will be taken as part of the answer.

```text

1. Canadian [*] falls on the second [*] in October.
2. ...

Answers:
    1. Thanksgiving, Thanksgiving day; Monday
    2. ...

```

Commit message:

feat: adds output tabs to examples

docs/detailed-question-types/fill-in-blanks.md, after:

# Fill-in-Blanks (FIB)

For each word(s) that will be blank, use square brackets and then include all acceptable forms of the answers inside. Spelling counts! Case does not.

!!! note

    - Use a comma (**,**) to separate correct answers.

## Basic example

=== "Text"

        1. Canadian [Thanksgiving, Thanksgiving day] falls on the second [Monday] in October.

=== "Output"

    ![preview-fib](../assets/preview-fib.png)

## With general feedback

=== "Text"

        1. Canadian [Thanksgiving, Thanksgiving day] falls on the second [Monday] in October.
            @feedback: Thanksgiving is a fall harvest celebration.

=== "Output"

    ![preview-fib-general](../assets/preview-fib-general.png)

## With *answer key* [<small markdown>(info)</small>](../additional-info/end-answer-key.md)

!!! note

    **Question Text**

    - Use an asterisk enclosed in square brackets (**[*]**) to indicate a blank.

    **Answer Key Text**

    - Use a semicolon (**;**) to separate blanks.
    - Do **NOT** end the answer with a period (**.**) or it will be taken as part of the answer.

=== "Text"

        1. Canadian [*] falls on the second [*] in October.
        2. ...

        Answers:
            1. Thanksgiving, Thanksgiving day; Monday
            2. ...

=== "Output"

    ![preview-fib](../assets/preview-fib.png)
